hub: add image library section (#21485)
docker/docs: content/manuals/docker-hub/image-library/_index.md

---
description: Learn about Docker Hub's library of images, extensions, and plugins.
keywords: Docker Hub, Hub, content library

> title: Container image library
> linkTitle: Library
> weight: 20
> ---
> 
> Docker Hub's container image library is the world's largest collection of

Reviewer: question: How about content library rather than container library, since it contains not only images but also plugins, extensions, and oci artifacts. (Also: "trusted content")

```suggestion
title: Content library
linkTitle: Library
weight: 20
---

Docker Hub's content library is the world's largest collection of
```
